GIT - mantras.txt
DROPBOX FILENAME : Mantras.md


Never cruel or cowardly. Never give up. Never give in. - The Doctors' promise, The Day of the Doctor. 

Never be cruel. Never be cowardly. And if you are, always make amends. - The Doctor to Clara, Hell Bent

Without hope, without witness, without reward. - The 13th Doctor, on how character is truly tested. 


WATCH WORDS
Intentional
Deliberate


How will I Worship through my Work?

I need God's help today. 
I Need Grace. My Neediness is good. 
Stumble, bumble, fumble, try again. 
You are what you do when it counts.
Confront. Don't Avoid. No Indifference.
Systems, not Goals. 
Success requires focus.
What will I NOT do today?
Pride in my self is not Being Proud.
Every single thing in my life is judged against these two priorities. Which are ... ?

Passive Aggressive = Coward.
Do I want to have done this?

Better to feel silly than sorry.
Step back: strain, spring rate, basics.


God, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, Courage to change the things I can, And wisdom to know the difference.


Every single thing in my life is judged against this one or these two priorities. Everything else comes after those two things. I can juggle two things pretty well, even when it's getting hard. 


This is why I say priorities can only be observed. In my book, a priority is not simply a good idea; it’s a condition of reality that, when observed, causes you to reject every other thing in the universe — real, imagined, or prospective — in order to ensure that things related to the priority stay alive.

Also, number two — and this is a biggie — I’m staggered whenever a Director-level or higher executive claims they have 3, 5, 7, or 27 “priorities.” Because, at that level, your entire career is defined by the unbelievably great ideas that you reject. Painfully giant, wonderful, terrific opportunities that you simply don’t have the capacity to address without screwing up the real priority.

Because only babies and crazy people get to pretend that reality actually changes when you close your eyes and hum. And, reality is the thing that priorities hang on. If you think you can change it by taxonomies and meetings, you still have only two arms, only now you’re also screwed.

Breathe Deeply - Exhale completely. Inhale for four seconds. Hold your breath for seven seconds. Exhale for eight seconds. Repeat to relax you to sleep.

*****
Dan Hartman, hope: Hope is an expectation of future good that is based and founded in the experience of past and present good. 

*****
#1
Communication is complicated. 
Everything can have more than one meaning. 

- What was said. 
- What was meant. 
- What should have been said. 
- What exists. (What the drawing says.)
- What SHOULD BE. 

#2
When asked for something, consider ... 

What they asked.
What they meant to ask.
What they should have asked.
What the (SCN|drawing|SRM|AMM|CMM|FAR) says.
What SHOULD BE.

#3
When asked for something, consider ... 

Consider what was asked.

What they meant to ask.
What they should have asked.
What the (SCN|drawing|SRM|AMM|CMM|FAR) says.
What SHOULD BE.